# code-examples

**hwrf_spiral_motion.py**:
I developed a Python script to generate the CZML files that help make the [Hurricane Matthew spiral visualization](https://storm.pps.eosdis.nasa.gov/storm/cesium/SpiralLongMatthew.html) possible. This is the script that generates the files from a combination of high-resolution model wind speed data, gridded precipitation data, and storm track data. In this configuration, it is using data from the URMA model and is focusing on Hurricane Michael. The storm, date, and latitude/longitude bounds are specified initially, along with the storm track values. Most of the magic occurs in the "moveit2" function, which is called every time step to move the points (inddict) forward, after values for velocity, direction, and precipitation have been interpolated at these positions from the grids (interpVelAng and interpArr).

**chartfuncs_mini.js**:
As part of my work for ArcVera, I have developed a monitoring tool that pulls data from a web API and generates a series of charts displaying those data in time series. These charts have to be flexible enough to be able to handle up to two different variable types in the same chart, and as many lines as is expected. A screen capture is included as "chartfuncs_example.png." While these are not all of the functions needed to generate the chart (and none of the HTML), it gives a sense of how I use D3.js and JQuery to pull in data, manipulate the data for the necessary purposes, generate graphs dynamically, and handle the potential pitfalls of missing or invalid data.

**OpenSSPAPI_mini.java**:
I worked with a colleague at NASA to build a web API servlet in Java to surface data from his database and generate binned averaged statistical values based on user-specified parameters. This is a truncated version of that API focused on the most complex use case - generating an API return like the example included in "20190520193942_query.tsv" based on inputs defining a particle size distribution and a mass-dimension relationship. The HDF5 file database is accessed in several ways, and Java is used to perform complex mathematical calculations to ensure that only the correct sizes are used to generate the binned averages.
